## 0.4.3
- Improve null handling in HostedPubEntry class

## 0.4.2
- Use achieved sha256 value from hosted
- Ignore '.git' suffix on git repository address
- Refactor writeAsRecipe to more readibility

## 0.4.1
- Fixed bug on git src name of SRC_URI

## 0.4.0
- Fixed the entries for the git type in the generated recipe files.

## 0.3.2
- Change output file suffix to '.inc'

## 0.3.1
- Added support for SHA256 checksum calculation of the `pubspec.lock` file. This ensures the integrity with current pubspec lock.
- Fixed static analysis issues.

## 0.3.0

### Added
- Added links for more information
- Introduced a badge to show the latest version available on [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/pub2yocto).
- A new CLI option `-d, --download-prefix` to specify the download directory prefix for hosted dependencies. This enhancement allows for customization of the directory structure of downloaded packages in the README and reflected in the source code handling.
- The functionality to compute and append a custom `downloadfilename` to SRC_URI in Yocto recipes based on the new `download-prefix` option. This is aimed at offering greater flexibility and organization for managing package downloads.

### Changed
- Updated the package version in `pubspec.yaml` and README documentation to `^0.3.0`.
- Improved the file generation comment in `pub2yocto.dart` for clarity, indicating that the file is generated by pub2yocto.

## 0.2.1
- Add example code and also included an explanation of the example
  in the README file

## 0.2.0

- Support git type pub entries

## 0.1.1

- Improve parsing logic for general hosted server.

## 0.1.0

- Initial version.
